PAYARA-1599 Context root cmd line options (#477)
payara/Payara-Server-Documentation: documentation/payara-micro/deploying/deploy-cmd-line.adoc

----
java -jar payara-micro.jar --deployFromGAV "fish.payara.examples,test,1.0-SNAPSHOT" --additionalRepository https://maven.java.net/content/repositories/promoted/ --additionalRepository https://raw.github.com/payara/Payara_PatchedProjects/master/
----

[[define-context-root]]
== Define context root
The context root of an application can be specified using the option `--contextroot` or by appending the path to the war-file name given with the `--deploy` parameter.

A context root set using the option `--contextroot <context-path>` applies to the applciation of the first `--deploy` parameter that does not already specify a context root with its `--deploy` option.

[source, shell]
----
java -jar payara-micro.jar --deploy /home/user/example.war --contextroot hello-world
----

The root context of the `example.war` application is now set to `/hello-world`. 

> Alternativly the context root can be included in the argument to the `--deploy` option. It follows the path to the war file seperated by `File.pathSeparator`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively the context root can be included in the argument to the `--deploy` option. It follows the path to the war file separated by `File.pathSeparator`:
```
